Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's"...
ONE OF OUR DRONES
HAS CAPTURED A FLY.
GOOD. AND WHICH OF
THE SIGNERS DID HE FIND?
YUSEI FUDO,
HE DUELED WITH GREAT STRENGTH
IN THE FORTUNE CUP,
BUT LET'S SEE IF HIS POWER
IS STRONG ENOUGH
TO ESCAPE OUR TRAP!
Grady: THE DARK SIGNERS
POSSESS A POWER
THAT WILL ERASE
THE LIGHT OF YOUR MARK
AND EVERYTHING YOU HOPE
TO SAVE WITH IT.
NOT ON MY WATCH.
ATTACK!
[GROWL AND GRUNT]
[NERVOUS YELP]
AND WITH YOUR MONSTER DESTROYED,
I CAN FINISH YOU OFF!
[SHOUTING]
WHOA. IT LOOKS LIKE...
YUSEI JUST WON THE MATCH!
AND IT'S ON TAPE!
I JUST GOT THE SCOOP
OF THE CENTURY!
IT SEEMS THE FLY HAS ESCAPED
THE SPIDER'S WEB.
FOR THE MOMENT, KALIN, YES.
BUT REMEMBER THAT OUR WEB
IS WIDE AND STRONG.
IT'S NOT THE VENOM WE NEED
TO CHANGE, BUT THE PREY...
Carly: I'M STUCK IN JAIL,
I LOST MY STORY
AND NOW ANGELA'S PLASTERING
THE HEADLINES WITH LIES...
I NEED A GET OUT OF SECTOR
SECURITY FOR FREE CARD!
I KNOW YOU'LL FIND A WAY
TO SAVE THE SATELLITE YUSEI!
COUNT ON IT YANAGI,
BUT FIRST I'M GONNA
HAVE TO GET SOME ANSWERS.
AND ONLY
ONE PERSON HAS THEM.
I NEED TO FIND GOODWIN.
YOU'RE LEAVING,
BUT IT'S NOT SAFE
FOR YOU OUT THERE!
DON'T WORRY.
IN FACT, I ALREADY
MADE ARRANGEMENTS...
FOR SOME BACK UP.
LOOKS LIKE MY RIDE'S HERE.
ALRIGHT YUSEI,
I GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
NOW GET YOUR DECK
AND GET DOWN HERE!
TRUDGE IS
YOUR "PROTECTION"?!
HE'S MORE.
All: HUH?
IF HE GETS ME
TO GOODWIN
SAFELY,...
WE JUST
MIGHT HAVE
TO CALL TRUDGE
ONE OF
THE GOOD GUYS.
♪ GOING FAST MAKES ME
FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
YOU GOT A LOT OF NERVE
ASKING FOR MY HELP
YOU SATELLITE REJECT.
GOOD T' SEE YOU,
TOO, OFFICER TRUDGE.
TFFT!
LET'S GET
SOMETHING STRAIGHT...
YOU WANT MY PROTECTION,
YOU NEED TO RESPECT
MY AUTHORITY!
HEY!... DID YOU HEAR
WHAT I SAID?
IF YOU KEEP
IGNORING ME YUSEI
THE DEAL'S OFF
YA GOT IT?!
LET'S GET GOING.
HERE YA' GO.
THAT SHOULD
BE EVERYTHING.
AAH! NO...!
WHERE'S MY CAMERA?...
NO, NO, NO, NO,
NO, COME ON!...
OK... JOKE'S OVER,
WHERE'S MY CAMERA?
I'M SERIOUS, BUDDY,
WHERE IS IT,
THAT THING IS MY LIFE,
WHERE IS IT, HAND IT OVER!
CALM DOWN MISS!...
UMMMM...
NO CAMERA
ON THE INVENTORY LOG.
I AM
A BIG TIME JOURNALIST!
AND I AM NOT AFRAID
TO SHOUT CONSPIRACY!
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
KNOW WHAT'S ON MY
FRONT PAGE TODAY, CARLY?!
I'LL GIVE YOU A LITTLE HINT,
IT'S NOT A BIG STORY!
DID I IMAGINE YOU TELLING ME
YOU HAD SOMETHIN' HOT FOR ME?!
I'M SORRY, MISTER PITTS,
BUT, BUT...
GET BACK TO THE OFFICE
SO I CAN RE-FIRE YOU!
AAH!...MISTER PITTS?...
MA'AM... WE'RE GONNA
NEED YOU TO STEP OUTSIDE.
THIS IS THE WORST!
NO STORY, NO CAMERA...
N' NOW I'M ABOUT
TO LOSE MY JOB AGAIN.
TIME TO CONSULT
MY FORTUNE FOR THE DAY.
I DRAW!
LET'S SEE... OH, GREAT,
FORTUNE TELLER SWEE,
THAT'S PERFECT.
THIS MEANS I'M GOING TO HAVE BAD
LUCK ALL DAY, THAT'S JUST GREAT.
MIGHT AS WELL JUST...
GO CRAWL IN A HOLE.
WAIT! I CAN'T GIVE UP!
JOURNALISTS DON'T QUIT!
SO I'M GONNA GET TO THE BOTTOM
OF GOODWIN'S LIES!
Reporter: I'M AT THE RED CARPET
FOR THE WORLD PREMIERE
OF "ATLAS RISING:
THE RISE OF JACK ATLAS."
THIS FLICK HAS
BOX-OFFICE DUD
WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
NOBODY CARES ABOUT
JACK ATLAS ANYMORE,
HE'S
YESTERDAY'S NEWS,
I MEAN, SERIOUSLY,
HE LOST
THE CHAMPIONSHIP,
HE'S DONE.
I HEARD THAT MOVIE WAS
GOING STRAIGHT TO DVD.
IF THEY'D WAITED,
THEY COULDA MADE IT
"THE RISE AND FALL
OF JACK ATLAS."
EXCUSE ME... COMING IN...
HEY... OUTTA
THE WAY.
[GIGGLES]
HEY, TOMMY!
LOOK OVER HERE! HEY!
OW!! WATCH THE ELBOW!
ANGELA!...DIDN'T
SEE YOU.
CARLY... WHAT'S
WITH THE GET-UP?
DIDN'T YOU WEAR THAT
SAME HIDEOUS HOUSEDRESS
TO OUR HIGH-SCHOOL PROM?
OOH, I'M SORRY,
I SHOULDN'T'VE
BROUGHT THAT UP,
PROM MUST BRING
BAD MEMORIES.
SINCE YOU WENT ALONE
N' NO ONE
WOULD DANCE WITH YOU
N' ALL THAT.
Reporters: HEY, MISTY!
MISTY! OVER HERE!
Reporter: WOAH... CHECK IT OUT!
IT'S MISTY!
YOU WERE VOTED THE WORLD'S
NUMBER ONE SUPERMODEL.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
TO SAY TO YOUR FANS?
OH WOW!
EH!? HUH?
[THINKING] DID SHE
JUST SMILE AT ME?!
Man: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
YOUR HOST... REX GOODWIN!
[APPLAUSE]
WHAT A GUY!
GREAT SUIT!
THANKS FOR COMING, EVERYONE...
WHAT MAKES A CHAMPION
A CHAMPION?
WHAT DRIVES THE DRIVEN?
WAS HE BORN GREAT OR DID HE HAVE
GREATNESS THRUST UPON HIM?
ALL OF THESE QUESTIONS AND MORE
WILL BE ANSWERED
IN "ATLAS RISING,
THE RISE OF JACK ATLAS!"
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
ALLOW ME TO SHARE WITH YOU
THE UNTOLD STORY
BEHIND THE LEGEND...
Jack: WHAT SAY WE KICK
THIS TURBO DUEL...
INTO OVERDRIVE?
WHO'S THE ONE
MASTER OF FASTER?...
WHO RULES THE DUELS?!
THAT'S RIGHT, IT'S ME!
Narrator: JACK'S JOURNEY
BEGAN AT THE TOP...
HE WAS BORN IN NEW DOMINO CITY'S
TOPS DISTRICT.
Goodwin: AND NOW,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
I HAVE SOME MATTERS TO TEND TO,
BUT I'LL BE BACK.
PLEASE ENJOY YOURSELVES,
AND ENJOY... "ATLAS RISING."
Angela: WAIT A SECOND,
DIRECTOR GOODWIN,
ONE QUESTION.
REGARDING THE NARRATION
OF THE FILM...
IT'S SAYING THAT JACK
WAS BORN IN THE TOPS,
BUT THAT'S NOT TRUE.
Carly: UUUUH... WHAT?!
ACCORDING TO MY SOURCES,
THE FORMER CHAMPION
JACK ATLAS
WAS BORN IN
THE SATELLITE SECTOR,
JUST LIKE THE NEW
CHAMPION, YUSEI.
EH!? [GASP]
[GRUNTS]
OH!
IS THIS TRUE,
DIRECTOR?
IF SO, DID
YUSEI AND JACK
KNOW EACH OTHER
PRIOR TO
THE TOURNAMENT?
ISN'T IT
TRUE, DIRECTOR,
THAT SATELLITE
RESIDENTS AREN'T
ALLOWED TO DUEL?
IS THERE SOME KIND
OF COVER-UP
GOING ON HERE?
I'M AFRAID I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO DISCUSS WILD SPECULATION
AND RIDICULOUS RUMORS.
NOW, PLEASE,
ENJOY THE SCREENING.
Crowd: IS HE LYING TO US?
WAS HE IN ON IT?
IT CAN'T BE TRUE.
Angela: YOU CAN'T AVOID
THIS ISSUE, DIRECTOR,
THE PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT
TO KNOW THE TRUTH!
[THINKING] IF JACK'S THE STORY,
THEN WHY IS EVERYONE
STANDING AROUND HERE?
YOU'VE HAD YOUR FUN.
BUT IT'S TIME
FOR MY VICTORY LAP!
[THINKING] I'M GONNA FIND OUT
FROM JACK HIMSELF!
AND WHERE DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE GOING?
UH! Y-Y-Y-YOU'RE...
M-M-MISTY!
YOUR FACE INTRIGUES ME.
I WANTED TO GET
A CLOSER LOOK AT YOU.
DO YOU MIND?
UH... I GOT
MY DAD'S LOOKS.
THAT'S WHAT
MY MOM TELLS ME. EHR...
CARLY RIGHT... I HEARD
YOU LIKE FORTUNE TELLING.
UH... YEAH?
THAT'S RIGHT,
I, UM... I USE CARDS
FOR MY FORTUNETELLING.
WELL I USE FACES.
YOUR FACE IS... HAUNTING.
UH... IT'S WHAT?
YOUR EYES...
THEY'RE SHOWING ME
THE PATH YOU WILL TAKE.
IT IS A PATH
THAT WILL DISAPPEAR
INTO A DARKNESS CARLY...
OH, YEAH? HUH.
THAT'S NICE.
BUT... WHEN YOU CHOOSE
TO TAKE THIS PATH...
YOU WILL KNOW YOURSELF BETTER
THAN YOU EVER HAVE BEFORE.
EH!? UH, EXCUSE ME!
THIS HAS BEEN FUN,
BUT I GOTTA RUN HOME
AND FEED MY PLANT
AND WATER MY CAT.
[THINKING] I THINK
FAME HAS MADE HER
TWO TACOS SHORT OF A FIESTA.
ENJOYING THE FILM?
WHEN CAN I TALK
TO GOODWIN?
BE PATIENT, YUSEI.
THE DIRECTOR IS A BUSY MAN.
IF YOU'RE BORED,
WE COULD ALWAYS
PASS THE TIME WITH A DUEL,
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
ARE YOU GAME,
OR ARE YOU AFRAID
YOU MIGHT LOSE YOUR TITLE
BEFORE YOUR FIRST
ENDORSEMENT DEAL
COMES THROUGH?!
HEH! NOW THAT WOULD BE
AN INTERESTING DEVELOPMENT.
THOUGH I SERIOUSLY DOUBT
OUR NEW CHAMPION
WOULD FOLD TO A MAN OF YOUR
CALIBER, OFFICER TRUDGE.
WHY, YOU...!
SORRY TO KEEP
YOU WAITING.
THE DIRECTOR IS READY
TO SEE YOU, NOW.
MISTER GOODWIN WOULD
LIKE TO THANK YOU
FOR ESCORTING
THE CHAMPION HERE...
NOW HE'D LIKE YOU
TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL
AND FETCH JACK.
[CHUCKLES]
WHATEVER HE NEEDS... SIR.
HMPH!
TED, I'M STANDING
OUTSIDE OF DOMINO HOSPITAL,
WHERE JACK ATLAS
HAS BEEN RECOVERING
EVER SINCE YESTERDAY'S
DISAPPOINTING LOSS
IN THE FORTUNE CUP FINALE,
AND AS OF NOW,
NOBODY HAS BEEN
ALLOWED INSIDE
TO SEE HI... OH!
SORRY ABOUT THAT!
I'LL SHOW YOU SORRY...
WE'RE STILL LIVE!
[GASP] RIGHT,
UM, AS OF NOW,
NOBODY HAS BEEN
ALLOWED INSIDE
TO SEE OR TALK...
[EXHALES] I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS
NURSE'S COSTUME IS WORKING.
GO AND FETCH JACK.
HMPH! TALKING TO ME
LIKE I'M SOME DOG...
IF ONLY THEY KNEW
I WAS DOING THIS
TO GET CLOSER TO GOODWIN
TO FIND OUT
WHAT HE'S REALLY UP TO...
HUH?!
[GRUNTS]
[HUMMING]
I'D LIKE TO BE ALONE
RIGHT NOW, MINA.
CALL MY CELL IF YOU
NEED....ANYTHING.
[GRUNTS]
JACK'S IN ROOM 304,...
MR. ATLAS!
UM-SAY... I WAS WONDERING
IF, UH...
Jack: TRUDGE.
YOU'RE LOOKIN'
A LITTLE ROUGH, OFFICER.
[GASP]
[CHUCKLES]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY DO YOU HAVE
THAT MARK ON YOUR ARM?
ATTACK! AND WIPE HIS MARK CLEAN!
[SCREAMING SQUAWK]
Carly: THAT'S THE SAME
GLOWING MARK
THAT HOODED DUELIST
HAD ON HIS ARM
WHEN HE WAS DUELING YUSEI!
SO YOU THE FIFTH SIGNER?
MY MASTER IS A DARK SIDER
AND HE SENT ME HERE
TO EXTINGUISH THE LIGHT
OF YOUR MARK
SO THAT WE MAY
ENVELOP THE WORLD
IN A CLOAK OF DARKNESS.
AND YOU WILL BE
THE FIRST TO FALL.
I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT.
HANG ON, YOU CAN'T
DUEL HIM, JACK!
YUSEI BATTLED
SOMEONE LIKE HIM.
IT WAS SOME GUY
DRESSED IN A BATH ROBE,
AND HE HAD THE SAME
WEIRD PURPLE MARK
GLOWING ON HIS
ARM AND...
I'M CARLY,
BY THE WAY.
WHAT? DID YOU
SAY YUSEI?
WHEN DID
ALL THIS HAPPEN?
LAST NIGHT, AND...
YUSEI WON.
CARLY?
YEAH! HI!
TELL ME
SOMETHING, CARLY...
DO YOU KNOW
HOW TO DUEL?
WELL...
KINDA, BUT...
IN THAT CASE...
LEND ME YOUR HANDS,
WILL YOU?
YOU JUST HAVE TO HOLD
THE CARDS FOR ME
AND DRAW, ALRIGHT?
HUH!?...BUT I, UH...
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT
THIS PURPLE GLOW
IS ALL ABOUT...
BUT IF YUSEI WAS ABLE
TO TAKE SOMEONE
LIKE HIM DOWN,
THEN I'LL HAVE
NO PROBLEM.
COME ON... PUT
THE DUEL DISK ON MY ARM.
RIGHT. OKAY.
ARE YOU READY?
All: BRING IT ON!
WOW... DID I JUST SAY THAT?
Carly: AAAH!
HEY! JACK, LOOK,
YOUR ARM IS GLOWING, TOO!
I CAN SEE THAT.
YUSEI'S ARM WAS GLOWING
LAST NIGHT AS WELL
AND THEN THIS SAME
CIRCLE APPEARED.
WHAT'S IT ALL MEAN?
LET'S CUT THE CONVERSATION,
SHALL WE?
I'M SUMMONING WARM WORM
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THIS IS REAL FRONTLINE
JOURNALISM RIGHT HERE,
GETTING TO DUEL ALONGSIDE
THE DAUNTLESS AND DASHING
JACK ATLAS!
IT'S MY TUR...
ACTUALLY,
IT'S MY TURN!
OH RIGHT, SORRY.
TO START
THINGS OFF..
I'M SUMMONING
VICE DRAGON
FROM MY HAND!
RIGHT!
Jack: WHOEVER
YOU REALLY ARE...
YOU'VE GOT SOME GALL
COMING HERE.
DID YOU THINK
YOU COULD KICK ME
WHILE I WAS DOWN?
WELL, I'M NOT DOWN!
AND THERE'S NO WAY
SOME DADDY LONGLEGS
IS GONNA TRIP ME UP.
I RELEASE VICE
DRAGON TO SUMMON OUT
STRONG WIND DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT, I'M ACTIVATING
STRONG WIND DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW IT GAINS HALF
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE DRAGON
MONSTER I RELEASED
IN ORDER
TO SUMMON IT.
SO, UH... RIGHT,
OKAY, SINCE VICE DRAGON
HAS 2,400 ATTACK POINTS...
IT GAINS
A THOUSAND MORE!
WOAH!... THIRTY-FOUR
HUNDRED?!
STRONG WIND DRAGON...
ATTACK WARM WORM!
WHY'D THE FLOOR
EXPLODE?!
I DUNNO, BUT THE SAME
KINDA STUFF WAS HAPPENING
WHEN YUSEI WAS BATTLING
THAT UNDERGROUND DUELIST
FROM LAST NIGHT.
IT WAS LIKE DUEL THINGS
WERE REALLY HAPPENING
OR SOMETHING...
SO HE'S MAKING
THIS DUEL REAL.
Carly: BY THE WAY?... WARM WORM
WAS IN DEFENSE MODE.
HOW COME HE LOST
LIFE POINTS?
STRONG WIND DRAGON'S
SPECIAL POWER
ENABLES IT
TO FIGHT THROUGH
A MONSTER'S DEFENSES
AND ATTACK DIRECTLY.
AS LONG AS ITS ATTACK
POINTS ARE GREATER
THAN THE OPPONENT'S
DEFENSE POINTS...
THE DIFFERENCE
IS DEALT AS DAMAGE.
THIS IS GREAT!
I'M DUELING WITH THE DECK
OF A ONCE GREAT DUELIST!
A ONCE GREAT DUELIST!?
I ONLY LOST YESTERDAY,
YOU KNOW.
I, UM... UUUHH...
HEY HAS-BEEN,
WHEN WARM WORM IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE...
YOU HAVE TO SEND
3 CARDS FROM YOUR DECK
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
OH! I'M SUPPOSED
TO DO THAT, RIGHT?
THE TOP 3?...THAT'S
HOW IT WORKS, RIGHT?
[SNICKERS]
I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
UH... RIGHT.
IT'S MY MOVE
AND FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON SHIELD WORM
IN DEFENSE MODE!
WHEN THIS MONSTER IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED...
YOU AND YOUR LITTLE ASSISTANT
MUST SEND ONE CARD
FROM YOUR DECK
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
EH?! AGAIN?
[CHUCKLES]
AND NOW... I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOV...!...
I MEAN...
LEMME SEE MY CARDS...
HUH?
THAT SPELL CARD COULD BE
QUITE USEFUL RIGHT NOW,
BUT I WOULD
HAVE TO RELEASE
STRONG WIND DRAGON
IN ORDER TO ACTIVATE IT.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU SHOULD DO!
STRONG WIND DRAGON
TAKE OUT HIS SHIELD WORM
WITH A DIRECT ATTACK!
DIMWIT!
WHAT?! DID I MESS UP?
HA HA!
YOU WALKED
RIGHT INTO THAT ONE!
SHIELD WORM IS ABLE
TO DEFLECT ANY ATTACK!
[GASP]
THEREFORE, IT ALSO NEGATES
STRONG WIND DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND WITH THAT,
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD!
REGRET REBORN.
THIS CARD ENABLES ME
TO RESUMMON A MONSTER
THAT YOU DESTROYED
IN BATTLE...
AS LONG AS I SUMMON IT
TO THE FIELD IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND OF COURSE...
SINCE SHIELD WORM
HAS ONCE AGAIN
BEEN SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED TO MY FIELD,
YOU HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO SEND ANOTHER CARD
IN YOUR DECK
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT,
ISN'T IT?
JACK, I AM SO SO SORRY!
[THINKING] NOT AS SORRY
AS TRUDGE IS GOING TO BE.
Jack: TRUDGE YOU'RE NOT
GONNA WIN THIS DUEL!
AND TO MAKE SURE OF IT,
I'M SUMMONING
TWIN-SHIELD DEFENDER
TO THE FIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
UH... HERE!
IT'S MY TURN THEN.
FROM MY HAND, I'M ACTIVATING
THE SPELL CARD... WORM BAIT!
AND AS LONG AS THERE'S
A WORM MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
I CAN USE THE POWER
OF THIS SPELL
TO SUMMON OUT
TWO WORM TOKENS!
NEXT, I RELEASE
THE TWO WORM TOKENS
IN ORDER TO ADVANCE SUMMON
DARK TUNER CATASTROGUE!
Jack: DID HE SAY
"DARK TUNER?"
OKAY, THIS MIGHT BE BAD.
THIS HAPPENED LAST NIGHT.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WELL, UM...
NOW I DARK TUNE
MY LEVEL 8 CATASTROGUE
WITH MY LEVEL 4
SHIELD WORM.
WHAT'S THIS
DARK TUNING BUSINESS
ALL ABOUT CARLY?
THAT ROBED DUELIST DID
THE SAME THING LAST NIGHT.
SOMETHING ABOUT
MONSTERS USING
NEGATIVE ENERGY AND SHADOWS
AND ALL SORTS OF OTHER
REALLY EERIE SOUNDING STUFF.
Trudge: WHEN
SHADOWS ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS...
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
NOW RISE!... DARK DIVINER!
Duel Runner Computer:
DARK DIVINER IS A NEGATIVE LEVEL
4 DARK SYNCHRO MONSTER
WITH 2,000 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,000 DEFENSE POINTS.
WHAT?! SO THAT THING'S
LEVEL IS A NEGATIVE 4!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THE MONSTERS
OF THE NETHERWORLD
DON'T COME TOGETHER
AND BUILD ON ONE ANOTHER
THE WAY YOUR
PATHETIC MONSTERS DO.
THEY DEVOUR ONE ANOTHER
AND FEED OFF EACH OTHER'S
NEGATIVE ENERGY
LIKE A SNAKE
EATING ITS OWN TAIL.
RIGHT! THAT'S KINDA WHAT
THE UNDERGROUND DUELIST
SAID TO YUSEI LAST NIGHT
AFTER PERFORMING
THE SAME KIND OF
SYNCHRO SUMMON.
INTERESTING...
CATASTROGUE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES FROM
THE GRAVEYARD.
BECAUSE I USED THIS CARD
TO PERFORM A DARK SYNCHRO...
I'M AFRAID YOU HAVE
TO SEND 5 MORE CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
KEEP DOING THAT AND WE'RE NOT
GONNA HAVE ANY CARDS LEFT.
AND NOW DARK DIVINER,
SLAY HIS STRONG WIND DRAGON!
WAIT, WHAT?!
BUT STRONG WIND DRAGON
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR DARK DIVINER
THING-A-MA-WHAT.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
MATTERS TO HIM.
THAT'S RIGHT BECAUSE WHEN
DARK DIVINER ATTACKS...
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
BECOME THE SAME.
AND FOR EVERY
100 ATTACK POINTS
YOUR DRAGON LOSES,
YOU HAVE TO SEND ONE CARD
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD.
I REALLY DON'T LIKE YOU.
SO-UM... THAT MEANS
14 CARDS, RIGHT?
WHAT DOES THAT
LEAVE US WITH?
JUST ENOUGH.
WHAT!? ARE YOU
FEELING OK?
Trudge: WE OF
THE NETHERWORLD CAME HERE
TO ROB YOU
OF YOUR POWER,
TO EXTINGUISH THE LIGHT
OF YOUR WORLD
BY BURYING YOU
IN THE SHADOWS.
DARK DIVINER... ATTACK!
BRING IT, OFFICER.
AAAAH!!
WHAT'RE YOU...!?
AAAAAH, I'M
PROTECTING YOU!
HEY!
ATTACK ALL YOU WANT,
BUT STRONG WIND DRAGON
CAN'T BE DESTROYED
BY A MONSTER
WITH THE SAME NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS!
DARK DIVINER CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
SO WE'VE GOT A STALEMATE.
I'M SO SO SORRY, JACK...
THIS IS ALL MY FAULT...
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS,
YOU WERE JUST TRYING
TO HELP, UH...
WHAT WAS YOUR NAME
AGAIN? CALI?
MY... MY NAME IS CARLY.
WHAT SAY YOU, CARLY?...
LET'S FINISH THIS
TOGETHER.
OH! OH, UH...
IT'S MY AND...
AND... AND... AND,
AND, AND MY...
Both: TURN!
FROM OUR HAND, CARLY AND I
ARE ACTIVATING
THE MIND TRUST SPELL CARD!
WITH THIS SPELL,
WE CAN RELEASE
A POWERFUL MONSTER...
TO PULL A WEAKER MONSTER
FROM OUR GRAVEYARD
AND ADD IT TO OUR HAND.
SO WE RELEASE
STRONG WIND DRAGON!
AND THEN
FROM OUR GRAVEYARD...
WE ADD DARK RESONATOR
TO OUR HAND.
AND NOW WE SUMMON...
DARK RESONATOR!
NEXT... DARK RESONATOR
GIVES TWIN-SHIELD
DEFENDER A TUNE-UP!
WE SYNCHRO SUMMON...
EXPLODER DRAGONWING!
WHEN THIS MONSTER
BATTLES AGAINST
A MONSTER
WITH FEWER
ATTACK POINTS...
THAT MONSTER
IS INSTANTLY DESTROYED
WITHOUT CALCULATING
ANY DAMAGE!
THEN YOU GET SLAMMED
WITH DAMAGE
EQUAL TO YOUR VANQUISHED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
IT'S OVER, CHUM!
WOW! SO BACK
WHEN YOU WERE
THINKING OF ACTIVATING
MIND TRUST,
YOU KNEW HIS GOAL
WAS TO SEND
YOUR CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
SO YOU WAITED...!
YOU STILL HAVE IT, JACK!
OF COURSE I STILL
HAVE IT!
I ONLY
LOST THE CHAMPIONSHIP
YESTERDAY!
AND NOW...
EXPLODER DRAGONWING
ATTACK DARK DIVINER!
All: WOAH! AAAH!
OH!
WHERE AM I?
THAT'S HOW
THE OTHER GUY WAS...
IT'S LIKE THEY WERE BEING
CONTROLLED BY SOMEONE ELSE.
AAH! JACK!
WOULD YOU MIND...
HELPING ME GET
OUTTA THIS HOSPITAL?
EH!?
Carly: EXCUSE ME.
PARDON ME, COMING THROUGH,
OUT OF THE WAY PLEASE...
THERE WERE SEVERAL
SMALLER BOOMS
FROM THE TOP FLOOR,
AND THEN THERE WAS
A SUDDEN EXPLOSION.
[THINKING] THIS IS CRAZY...
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO WITH HIM NOW?
Goodwin: YUSEI.
IT'S TIME YOU LEARNED
THE WHOLE TRUTH.
ABOUT WHAT?
ABOUT WHERE
YOU COME FROM...
AND WHERE YOU'RE GOING.